Update da-adv-plan-s1-infrastructure.md (#5207)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/remote/remote-access/directaccess/single-server-advanced/da-adv-plan-s1-infrastructure.md

-   If the corporate network is IPv6-based, the default address is the IPv6 address of DNS servers in the corporate network.

> [!NOTE]
> Starting with the Windows 10 May 2020 Update, a client no longer registers its IP addresses on DNS servers configured in a Name Resolution Policy Table (NRPT).
> If DNS registration is needed, for example **Manage Out**, it can be explicitly enabled with this registry key on the client:
>

> > Path: `HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters`
> > Type: `DWORD`
> > Value name: `DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration`
> > Values:
> > `1` - DNS Registration disabled (default since the Windows 10 May 2020 Update)
> > `0` - DNS Registration enabled

Reviewer: Sorry about this extra change, I forgot that a MarkDown Note blob always disregards NewLine or Line Breaks. We need to add HTML `<br/>` instead (just as we do in tables) to keep the expected individual line break formatting:
```suggestion
> Path: `HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters`<br/>
> Type: `DWORD`<br/>
> Value name: `DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration`<br/>
> Values:<br/>
> `1` - DNS Registration disabled (default since the Windows 10 May 2020 Update)<br/>
> `0` - DNS Registration enabled
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > Starting with the Windows 10 May 2020 Update, a client no longer registers its IP addresses on DNS servers configured in a Name Resolution Policy (NRPT).
> > If the DNS registration is needed, for e.g. Manage Out, it can be explicitely enabled with this registry key on the client:
> > 
> > Path: ```HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters```   
> > Type: ``DWORD``   
> > Value name: ``DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration``   
> > Values:   
> > ``1`` - DNS Registration disabled (default since Windows 10 May 2020 Update)   
> > ``0`` - DNS Registration enabled

Reviewer: This is a parallel to my improvement suggestions in your PR #5208, but I decided to include all my recommended changes in 1 commit suggestion:
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Starting with the Windows 10 May 2020 Update, a client no longer registers its IP addresses on DNS servers configured in a Name Resolution Policy Table (NRPT).
> If DNS registration is needed, for example **Manage Out**, it can be explicitly enabled with this registry key on the client:
>
> Path: `HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters`
> Type: `DWORD`
> Value name: `DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration`
> Values:
> `1` - DNS Registration disabled (default since the Windows 10 May 2020 Update)
> `0` - DNS Registration enabled
```
